## Overview

Sending Protocol Notifications requires the use of the [SendToProxy][1] API.

The first parameter for C4:SendToProxy is a binding id.  The API doesn't not recognize Partion Ids. The assumption is made that the panel binding defined in driver.xml is on binding id 5001. Then partition 1 is on binding id 5002, partition 2 on 5003, etc.

The second parameter is the text of the particular notification being sent. The Proxy knows the information being sent based off of this text. For example, when the parameter "PARTITION\_ENABLED" is sent through SendtoProxy, the Camera proxy knows parameter type information that "PARTITION\_ENABLED" should contain.

The third parameter is a table of the parameters for the particular notification.  In this case, the PARTITION\_ENABLED notification takes one parameter named "ENABLED".  Its value is either "true" or "false". Note that the third parameter could also be sent as a string rather than a table.  In this case the are no parameter names.  The whole string is just interpreted as data for the notification.  This usage is mostly deprecated, but some notifications (such as DISPLAY\_TEXT) started out doing this and have never been changed so they don't break backward compatibility.

The fourth parameter is just the word "NOTIFY". This is just some extra information for BindingManager so it won't try to make assumptions about the type of message based on binding ids. It is recommended that it is included in C4:SendToProxy.

To the right is an example of a fully formed Partition\_Enabled Notifications being sent using the SendToProxy API.

```lua

-- Partition_Enabled Example

function SetPartitionEnabled(PartitionID, Enabled)
	local TargetBindingID = PartitionID + 5001
	C4:SendToProxy(TargetBindingID, "PARTITION_ENABLED", { ENABLED = tostring(Enabled) }, "NOTIFY")
end
```

[1]:	https://snap-one.github.io/docs-driverworks-api/#sendtoproxy