## SECURITY SYSTEM CONTROLLER PARTITION PROXY COMMANDS

The following Proxy Commands are supported by the Security System Controller Partition:











EXECUTE_EMERGENCY

Command from the UI to the Proxy and then forwarded on to the Protocol. Has no Return values. Requests the partition to execute an emergency event of the type specified by the EmergencyType parameter. Valid values are: Fire, Medical, Police, and Panic.

Parameters
InterfaceID (str) - A unique (str) to identify which interface is sending this command.


EXECUTE_FUNCTION

Command from the UI to the Proxy and then forwarded on to the Protocol. Has no Return values. Request the partition to execute a function event of the type specified by the Function parameter. The function parameter would be one of the function (str)s listed in the GET_SETUP xml.

Parameters
Function (str) - Function.
Parameters (str) - A space delimited (str) that contains any parameters that this particular function may require(such as a user code).
InterfaceID (str) - A unique (str) to identify which interface is sending this command.



GET_CURRENT_STATE
Command from Partition Proxy to the Protocol Driver. Tells the protocol to report its current values. This is not available through programming, but generated by the proxy to get its initial settings. Causes the protocol driver to send a PARTITION_STATE_INIT notification.


KEY_PRESS
Command from the UI to the Proxy and then forwarded on to the Protocol. Has no Return values. Specifies that a key (button) was pressed on the UI interface. But different from BUTTON_PRESS, the actual key name is passed, rather than its ID.

Parameters
InterfaceID (str) - A unique string to identify which interface is sending this command.


PARTITION_ARM
Command from the UI to the Proxy and then forwarded on to the Protocol. Has no Return values. Specifies the user code to use with the arm command (if needed).

Parameters
ArmType (str) - Request the partition to arm.
UserCode (str) - Optional - Specifies the user code to use with the arm command (if needed).
Bypass (bool) - Optional - Specify whether currently open zones should be bypassed
InterfaceID (str) - A unique string to identify which interface is sending this command


PARTITION_DISARM
Command from the UI to the Proxy and then forwarded on to the Protocol. Has no Return values. Specifies the user code to use with the disarm command (if needed).

Parameters
InterfaceID (str) - A unique string to identify which interface is sending this command



SET_PANEL_NAME
Tell this partition the name of the panel that Navigators should display.

Parameters
PANEL_NAME (str) - Name of the panel proxy associated with this partition.


SET_PANEL_PROXY_DEVICE_ID
Tell this partition proxy where to send its panel commands and queries.

Parameters
PANEL_PROXY_DEVICE_ID (int) - Control4 device ID of the panel proxy associated with this partition.



SET_PARTITION_ENABLED_FLAG
Command from Partition Proxy to the Panel Proxy

Parameters
WHICH_PARTITION - (int) - Device Id of the partition that sent the command.
ENABLED - (bool) - True if partition is now enabled, false if it isn't.


SET_PARTITION_NAME
Command from Partition Proxy to the Panel Proxy

Parameters
WHICH_PARTITION - (int) - Device Id of the partition that sent the command.
PARTITION_NAME - (str) - The new partition name._


SET_REMOTE_DISARM_FLAG

Parameters
CAN_REMOTELY_DISARM_FLAG  (bool) - Specifies if this partition can be disarmed by a command from a device that is not on the local network._


SET_TROUBLE_STRING
Display the given string in the trouble text field.

Parameters
TROUBLE_STRING (str) - Trouble text to display._

SET_ZONE_INFO

Parameters
ID (int) - ID of the targeted zone.
Name (str) - Name of this zone.
Type_Id (int) - Control4 Zone Type ID.
Can_Control (bool) - True if this zone has a relay associated with it.
Can_Bypass (bool) - True id this zone can be bypassed.
Room_Id (int) - Control4 device ID of the room that the sensor bound to this zone is located.
Room_Name (str) - Name of the room that the sensor bound to this zone is located. "" if the zone is not bound to a sensor.



TOGGLE_ZONE_CONTROL
Command from the UI which is re-routed to the Panel Proxy

Parameters
ZoneID - (int) - Zone ID of the zone to toggle
