### advanced\_scene\_support

Whether the device supports the full Advanced Lighting Scenes commands and API's. This capability is primarily useful for drivers that want to support multi-scene elements. Additionally, Zigbee and zWave devices can take advantage of broadcast packets to avoid each driver needing to send a unicast packet, as would be done with reduced\_als\_support.

If this capability is true, drivers must include full support of the following:

- Parsing and using XML received from the PUSH\_SCENE command that is sent, when the device comes online, to know what the scene involvement is for the light.
- Support scenes with multiple elements.
- For performance, only sends one(1) level update Notify when load hardware is at final scene level. -- We highly recommend all existing and new drivers be moved over to the BRIGHTNESS TARGET API design for performance reasons and better UI tracking of level during ramping.
- ALS Commands:
- PUSH\_SCENE
- ACTIVATE\_SCENE
- RAMP\_SCENE\_UP
- RAMP\_SCENE\_DOWN
- STOP\_SCENE\_RAMP
- Optionally - These commands were used as workarounds for lights in early Advanced Lighting Scene agent times (pre 3.0.0) but are no longer needed, as long as the driver properly handles the PUSH\_SCENE command changes.
- SYNC\_SCENE
- SYNC\_ALL\_SCENES


### Signature

`<advanced_scene_support></advanced_scene_support>`


### Type

Boolean: defaults to false.

### Dynamic Capability

No


### Usage Note

If a driver is using the light v1 proxy and doesn't have either of the advanced\_scene\_support or reduced\_als\_support capabilities in its c4i file, the agent assumes that reduced\_als\_support is true. This allows existing 3rd party lights into advanced scenes. The v1 proxy was modified to abstract away the important differences from the protocol drivers. If a 3rd party driver does want full scene support, it must use the Light V2 proxy.

If any lights have full ALS support then only the "New" broadcast MIB is sent, otherwise the older ZCL MIB is sent, as according to logic in ALS "activate" function.