### reduced\_als\_support

If the advanced\_scene\_support capability is false, a driver can use the reduced\_als\_support capability. Most drivers will find this sufficient for ALS support and using this option greatly reduces development time and complexity for driver developers, as less than 1% of Control4 systems have implemented multi-element scenes. Specifying this option will cause ALS to send individual SET\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET and SET\_COLOR\_TARGET commands to a driver when a scene is activated. This means drivers do not have to implement PUSH\_SCENE, ACTIVATE\_SCENE, SYNC\_SCENE, SCENE\_ALL\_SCENES, manage XML table lookups, or multi-element scenes that advanced\_scene\_support=true does require.

The device will be allowed into ALS scenes, but with the following limitations:

- No Multi Element support
- No Flash Support

If this capability is true, drivers must include support for the following:

- SET\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET
- RAMP\_SCENE\_UP
- RAMP\_SCENE\_DOWN
- STOP\_SCENE\_RAMP
- Optional:
- SET\_COLOR\_TARGET


### Signature

`<reduced_als_support></reduced_als_support>`


### Type

Boolean: defaults to false.

### Dynamic Capability

No


### Usage Note

If a driver is using the light v1 proxy and doesn't have either of the advanced\_scene\_support or reduced\_als\_support capabilities in its c4i file, the agent assumes that reduced\_als\_support is true. This allows existing 3rd party lights into advanced scenes. The v1 proxy was modified to abstract away the important differences from the protocol drivers. If a 3rd party driver does want full scene support, it must use the Light V2 proxy.

If any lights have full ALS support then only the "New" broadcast MIB is sent, otherwise the older ZCL MIB is sent, as according to logic in ALS "activate" function.