## LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_CHANGING

Part of the new Level Target API, used to notify the proxy that a lights brightness is changing.  The benefit of using this Notify is that drivers can provide 'how the light brightness is changing'.  Using this Notify greatly improves interaction with the system in numerous ways for components such as ALS Agent, Navigators, Composer Programming and so.  A driver should enabled the supports\_target capability if using this notify.  The LIGHT\_LEVEL Notify should be avoided if a driver uses the new API.

This behaves the same was as a Blind or other C4TypeLevel feature where the proxy generates Percentage scaling and for UI's and other system components, but since a single percent may not be enough resolution, we allow programming and other system components to set raw values for a device.  

In the case where the 'end of the ramp' is unknown, specifying the end point of where the device will change to if no further interaction is done is the best practice.  An example is if someone Holds a button to slow-ramp a light On, the driver should Notify the proxy that the end point is 100 if 100 is the max value of the light.


### Signature

`LIGHT_BRIGHTNESS_CHANGING ()`


| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_CURRENT| Double. Raw value of the lighting level. Does not need to be 0-100% and can be based on the Min and Max Brightness capabilities such as 0-10, 0-99. 0-256 and even negative if the Brightness Min is defined as a negative number. |
| LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET |  Double. Raw value of where the light is going to. |
| RATE | Integer. Number of milliseconds it will take to ramp to the target level. |
|LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_CURRENT\_PRESET\_ID| Integer. Preset ID that was last activated. Providing this will allow the proxy to track and update the drivers level if the preset level is modified - This is needed for drivers making use of the Daylight Agent or similar features.|
|LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET\_PRESET\_ID | Integer.  Preset ID that the light is going to. Providing this will allow the proxy to track and update the drivers level if the preset level is modified. This is needed for drivers making use of the Daylight Agent or similar features.|



### Returns

`None`


### Usage Note

Dimmer Drivers should only use BRIGHTNESS\_CHANGING and BRIGHTNESS\_CHANGED notifies and no longer use LEVEL\_CHANGE notify.

Switch drivers only need to use the BRIGHTNESS\_CHANGED notify.