## color\_on\_mode\_fade

Used to enable the Fade On "On Mode" behavior, such as Dim to Warm, so that the lights color is based on the current brightness of a light.

Dealers are allowed to pick two colors when in this mode. The Dim color a dealer picks is the color of the light at a 1% brightness and a second On color a dealer picks is the color of the light at 100% brightness. If a customer picks 50% brightness, the color the light shows should be an equal mix of the Dim color and On color. This "color mix" can easily be calculated by the following equation:

colorFinal.x = colorDim.x + (colorOn.x - colorDim.x) * brightness*.01

colorFinal.y = colorDim.y + (colorOn.y - colorDim.y) * brightness*.01

As a driver receives a new SET\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET command then the driver should use this formula and always set a new color on their light even if it does not receive a SET\_COLOR\_TARGET command.

Driver developers will notice that when a light is normally turned on from UI's, they will not get a SET\_COLOR\_TARGET when in this mode. If a driver does get a SET\_COLOR\_TARGET command, such as from a scene, composer programming, or other scenario then the driver should go to that color even while in Fade mode. If the driver gets any future SET\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET then the driver should again apply the color formula.


### Signature

`<color_on_mode_fade></color_on_mode_fade>`


### Type

Boolean. Defaults to false.


### Dynamic Capability

No


### Example

```xml
<capabilities>
    <color_on_mode_fade>true</color_on_mode_fade>
</capabilities>
```
