## SET BRIGHTNESS TARGET

Used to set the target brightness of where the light is being requested to go. 

All Lights have the following Presets at minimum and can be used by UI's, Voice Control, Programming, etc so a UI does not have to look up common Presets and/or levels for general control.

"On" - (Static Preset ID 1) This is the Preset that should be used when turning a light on.  The level and rate that matches what a Top "Click" press would activate.  The Level was imported from the PRESET LEVEL value in previous OS releases.

"Off" - (Static Preset ID 2) This is the Preset that should be used when turning a light off.  This presets level and rate matches what the bottom  "Click" on a physical device would be.

Additional presets can be added via the C4TYPE PRESET API.  This will allow drivers that have common "20% 40% 60% 80%" presets to define these presets and the LightV2 proxy will automatically take care of creating keypad bindings and managing LED status tracking of those presets and keypad button status.

Note that Control4 is discouraging the use of the following commands as they will be deprecated. The SET BRIGHTNESS TARGET API should be used in their place:

### Signature

`SET_BRIGHTNESS_TARGET ()`


| Parameter | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Float | LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET\_LEVEL. Number between min and max as reported by the device | 
| Integer | LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET\_PRESET\_ID\_: Integer. Preset ID |
| Integer | LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET\_ PERCENT: Integer. Percent from 0 to 100 |
| Integer | LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_RATE: Optional. Milliseconds for the transition.  Will use driver default if parameter is not specified. Note that passing a -1 value in this parameter results in it being treated as the same as not specifying the parameter at all. |


### Returns

`None`


### Usage Note

If the capability supports\_target is not enabled (pre 3.3.0 for backward compatibility of older drivers) then the following parameters are sent to a driver.

- LEVEL - Integer - from 0-100
- TIME - Integer - Milliseconds for the ramp

If supports\_target or color is used (current  generation drivers) then the following parameters are sent to a driver.

- LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET - Float - Value as defined from drivers Min and Max brightness capabilities as set by the driver. If the brightness resolution capability is set to 10, .5, .01, and so on, the proxy will ensure the value sent to the driver meets the resolution/step capability.  If no resolution is set, the value of 1 is used for stepping.

- RATE - Unit - Milliseconds for the ramp duration.  This is guaranteed to be between the Min and Max rate if the driver sets these.

If a driver supports On Modes, it should track the following parameters:

LIGHT\_BRIGHTNESS\_TARGET_\PRESET\_ID - The ID of the preset to trigger.